This programme contains very strong
language and adult humour
Nowadays, I think twat and prat
are pretty interchangeable.
Anyway, semantic society shouldn't
be saying anything like that to you
and I take your point, Mum.
I will have a word.
The opposition have to
let senior civil servants
and people like me know exactly
what they're hoping to achieve,
so that when they're handed
the reins of power... Um...
Well, I think they are going to be.
This lot are looking quite toasted.
Right. Emma has thrown a massive
hissy-fit again at my Mum.
Like you care! I need you to do a
bit of proper parenting for once.
Can you give me a call?
If you don't, I will
have you thrown in Belmarsh.
We've been trying to find out where
Ollie is. As usual, he's not in yet.
OK. Meeting room.
Ollie, good afternoon.
I haven't missed it, have I? Ollie,
have you seen my strategy file?
I don't know, Terri.
What's happened to Terri?
She looks like
a female impersonator!
Looks like she's come
from a gay undertaker's.
Phil, I'm trying to prep
for Implementation Day,
and you're just cutting out
more weird Japanese cartoons.
It's for the matrix!
When we infiltrate DoSAC,
I want to prioritise targets.
Look, Terri Coverley.
Head of Press, Civil Service.
And who exactly is that?
Well, it's Ahura,
but she's head of comms on
the Enterprise, so it makes sense!
I wonder if we'll sneak up
on Ollie and catch him not working!
Better still, I'd like to see
him getting bollocked by Malcolm!
I'm going to rip out your bladder
and wear it as a bandana!
I need to know
what Glen Cullen looks like.
Oh, Glen Cullen. Er, '50s,
kind of depressed-looking.
I always think of a bloodhound.
OK, I'll get a picture
of Mick Hucknell.
Morning, comrades!
How goes the revolution?
Morning! Morning, Peter.
Our tanks on their lawn, at last!
Fuck-a-doodle-do!
Talking of which, may I present
the DoSAC implementation matrix!
Don't ask!
Look, this is a very
straightforward set of meetings
with the senior civil servants.
"Where's the stopcock? Where can
I get a decent cup of coffee?
"Here's our agenda
for the next three years."
Yeah, but Stuart's very keen
for us to use the visit to DoSAC
as a scouting exercise.
I'm keen to use Stuart's mouth as
an ashtray. Doesn't mean I'd do it!
Social mobility.
What does that actually mean?
Well, it's just a personal
observation, but every time I
hear the words "social mobility"
I keep thinking
about one of those shopping trolleys
that go down the pavement,
the electric things...
What does it mean to normal people?
It means really
lifting people out of a world
of disadvantage and into
a world of opportunity.
Sorry, just one sec, I've just
got to switch that to voicemail.
OK, fourth sector, mean anything?
Nothing? Great!
Because we're about to create it.
The fourth sector is, basically,
real people, ordinary people...
just give me one sec.
Hello, Nicola Murray.
What's going on at
the school, anyway?
Things are a bit shitty at home and
the daughter's gone all Raging Bull.
Has she put on a lot of weight?
No, no, I mean she's kicking off
at school, basically ever since
Malcolm made Nicola put her
in the fucking comp. Headed for what
Mr Neil Diamond, would have called
a Sweet Columbine incident.
Oh, I don't give two shits of a
lamb's tail. Eileen will have to
postpone her fuckin' throat surgery.
I want her steam-cleaned and on the
Daily Politics, smiling and nodding
at Andrew Neil's sneery fucking
haemorrhoid face and tell him
to lay off the fucking
fish suppers and poppers.
Hi, there.
Where's Dame Ellen McArse-ache?
She's on her...
All right, OK, wakey, wakey, wakey!
Yes, yes!
Opposition drill, yeah, come on!
Tell James he will go to school
and if he doesn't, then he will find
himself sleeping in the spare room
of his fucking sister's house!
Lovely, thank you.
Yeah, opposition drill, right? Yeah.
When the opposition are here,
tell them nothing, except where
the toilets are, but lie.
Terri, keep your tits in!
Very 'air-hostess' today!
For Mannion?
All I said was that
I think he's charming.
Should we be formally dressed
for DoSAC?
It does feel a bit like paying our
respects to some mad dying aunt!
No, you look fine. It's all pretty
shambolic there at the moment.
Nicola Murray is distracted
with the daughter.
Oh, what's that? Really interesting?
No! Private. That's Stuart.
I'm just gonna have to show him up.
Great. Mr Blue Sky. We're not gonna
practice fist bumps again, are we?
Phil, if you mention anything
out of turn while I'm gone,
I will send your mum that picture
of you dressed up as Cher, OK?
One button.
Cher? Celine Dion,
karaoke, harmless.
Ollie told Emma that there's
a shit storm brewing
about minister's daughter.
She was only the minister's
daughter, but she knew how to take
the collection! She's 12! Ah.
Shit, strike that last remark,
it's actually a little poem
that gets much worse.
Let's put a photo of her up, so we
know what we're steering clear of.
You've got a photo? No, Phil!
Nicola Murray's daughter, actually
that's not her, that's Tracy Beaker.
She was down for an independent
school, but is now going here,
local comprehensive,
full of first trimester pregnancies
and Croydon facelifts!
What are you saying? It's wrong to
send your child to a comprehensive?
Yeah, wrong. Or very careless!
So one of the initiatives that
we've got is a national register
of really extraordinary, ordinary
people, who we're gonna call
the "fourth sector pathfinders".
What I want to try and bring to
mind is that amazing JFK speech,
you know that they can help you...
Hey, come on, come on.
Yeah, yeah. "Ask not what your
country can do but what you,
"what your country can do to help
you do to help you help yourself."
Nicola, it's Martin Stone,
your daughter's headmaster.
James can't come to the meeting
for your daughter's, er, problems.
Thank you! For fuck's sake, Terri!
Mr Stone, hi.
It's the whole deserving and
undeserving poor argument
again though, isn't it?
It's the chavs and chav-nots. Right,
Pinky and fucking Perky, listen.
This fourth sector? Fucking mad!
She's mad, she's like Tom Cruise's
favourite fucking brush,
but the great thing is
it's free, so you two, I want you
to rub your dicks together and get
some fucking energy going in here!
Inject yourself with stem cells
or coke in your Fruit Corners,
just get on with something!
Can I have a word?
My husband has bailed on me,
so I'm gonna have to get to
Ella's school this afternoon.
Nicola, the taxpayer
is not bankrolling you
to do this sort of thing.
And if I want to get things done
I could get fucking
big gingerbread man there to
pop out and get me a fucking gun.
See me after school.
OK, OK, just you, then.
So, can you work out this
whole fourth sector thing?
I can see you hate the idea, so
you'll be able to find the snags.
Stuart. Aah, Peter.
I'm glad we could hook up.
Just wanted to take a couple
of turns with you on the
ideas carousel, yeah?
Think of ways we can turn your team
into a little cluster of excellence.
You wanted to have a chat?
What's this?
That's just Phil's
Klingon horoscope!
It's an implementation matrix.
Well, clearly two axis lead
to the mid-point to create four
diametrically opposed quadrants!
I like the plasmic nature
of your data modelling! Nice!
A child's photograph?
What is that doing up there?
There, happy now?
Now I'm confused! Who is that?
No-one, it's a Cylon Centurion.
Phil, help me out here. Look, what
are these vectors, Posh and Shit?
They refer to schools.
You see, Murray's daughter was down
to go here, sort of teeny-Sloany
independent girls' school,
but she's been moved here -
a comprehensive in the middle
of a poor area.
First, she opts out of the state
education system, which is bad,
then, presumably under pressure from
the party machine, she says, "Sod
your life-chances, Cylon, darling,
"Mummy's going to send you here" -
to save her political career.
Badissimo!
So, how are we going to deploy this?
We're not!
The point of departure is this...
"Knowledge is porridge"!
Oh, Jesus, Stuart,
that doesn't even fucking rhyme!
Let me have a go! All right.
Look, suppose we are saying that
Nicola Murray should have stuck to
her guns and sent her daughter here,
Posh, you see, Stuart,
I can do this stuff. Then we look...
elitist, out of touch with
ordinary parents,
or do we say,
"No, Posh is wrongissimo"?
OK, look, look, look, let's pause,
yeah, let's switch off the sat nav,
pull over, electric soft-top
back on, switch off the engine.
I'm not getting in the back seat
with you, if this is where
this game is going!
Let's imagine the narrative.
Oh, goody!
So let's imagine in the narrative
that Peter here may know something
about this, but refuses to tell you.
"It's beneath his dignity", say.
I hate to be a spoilsport, but can
we refocus on our visit to DoSAC
Yeah, who you meeting?
I've got a couple of meetings
with the two top people - the
big swinging dicks.
Don't forget the tiny static dicks.
We're not allowed to talk
to her boyfriend.
Funny(!) What about Terri Coverley?
Ollie said she's utter shit.
Let's make an appointment for Peter
to take her out for a latte.
See if she spills the coffee beans!
Great(!)
Thank you. Mrs Murray, thanks
for coming. Mr Stone, thank you.
Sorry, is your husband not with you?
No, sorry. That's disappointing,
cos I was hoping to speak to
both of you about this. Yeah.
I did actually want to come and see
you anyway. Oh? On a separate issue.
I wondered if you'd
be interested in becoming
a Fourth Sector Pathfinder?
I don't know what that actually
means, but I do look fantastic
in a safari suit! Oh, right!
I'm sure you do!
Put that to one side!
Yes, obviously. As we know, Ella's,
let's say, challenging behaviour
has reached a critical point.
There was an incident yesterday.
Ella and some accomplices
attacked another year seven girl
with a pair of hair straighteners,
pinned her down...
this girl has quite curly hair
and Ella set about ironing it.
Oh, my God!
Right, they're here!
Has anyone seen my implementation
file? Is that it over there?
Yeah, thanks, Glen.
Is this you, Glen? No, it's Ollie!
You know what he's like!
Well, it's puerile!
I've had to call bloody IT.
Ollie's put some kind of
awful screensaver on!
How do you disable it?
It's not funny, Glen!
I know, I'm not laughing!
Have you met Mr Darcy yet, then?
Has he swung in through the window
in a little top hat
and smoking jacket?
This feedback is really, really
so encouraging!
Having trouble with the
four sector ring-around?
No, I just ring people up and say
"Do you think this is shite?"
They say "yes". I agree, that's it.
What have you been doing?
I've actually been making
some Peter Mannion face masks.
Ha-ha! Excellent!
Oh, Terri, me beauty,
I like the heft of your jib!
Oh, dear, I'm going all
boogie-woogie downstairs!
Hello! Hi, Ollie,
I've got a bit of news for you.
Right, you're pregnant are you?
No, I'm not fucking pregnant!
So what's your... What is your news?
It's the Nicola Murray daughter
thing, you know the switching
from private to state.
They know about it here.
Thank you, Emma! How?
Phil! 'Tell Phil I'm gonna take his'
stupid fucking lightsaver
collection and shove it slowly
through his eye sockets, right?
How has Ella been behaving at home,
let's say over the last week or so?
Well, not fantastically good,
apparently! Sorry, apparently?
Because the pathfinder initiative
is taking up very much all
of my time. I haven't seen Ella.
And has your husband been round?
Meet my husband!
He's never really there!
Let me put my cards on the table.
This incident with the hair
straighteners was so severe,
OK, that I have no option but to
exclude Ella from this school,
with immediate effect.
You'll be taking her home with you.
No, I can't do that.
I can't have her with me.
Answer that phone,
it's driving me...
I'm so sorry! I will be back.
Ollie, what is it?
This had better be important!
Mannion's team
know about the school switch.
You shouldn't worry because
there's no way the press will run
with this. It's a personal thing.
Ella's been bullying other
kids and, um
they're threatening to exclude her.
What?
What's going on? Hey, at least
they're not going to expel her.
It's the same fucking thing.
That's what they say
to make it sound better.
'It's the same old shit!'
No, oh, right, oh, right.
'This is just so awful and Ollie'
I'm such a crap mum,
I'm such a crap mum.
No, no, you're not, you're really
good, you're a pathfinder mum,
that's what you are!
Yeah, well, I made my daughter
come to this fucking school,
away from all her friends, and she's
turned into a total fucking droog!
Yeah, but...
You know...
That's it? Thanks, Ollie, good
to know you're there for me(!)
What is this wheelie bin of misery?
Do I, do I gather Ella is bullying?
You have to keep this to yourself.
OK, this is...Press can't use it.
You and I just keep it between
ourselves. OK. No need to tell
Terri.
OK. Good, good.
Unbelievable!
£6.50 booking fee for every
single person I'm taking in my party
of ten. It sounds serious, Terri.
Any news from Nicola? No! Nothing.
We're in! Philip,
you're not in Mission Impossible.
Some guy just made contact.
Looks like an Ewok,
small patch of white hair
on left temple.
'That's Robert King, the civil
servant who used to work with Bert.'
Ollie said he's a bit of a druid.
Who is that bloke staring at us?
That's actually a woman!
Oh, Christ! I'm not losing
my touch, I just haven't got
my distance glasses with me.
The old Bangkok exoneration!
Route one excuse for accidentally
having a go on a transsexual.
Christ, she's a bit creepy.
looks like she's going
to launch herself at us!
Emma, we've got a woman
staring at us from a balcony.
Dark hair, like in a bob,
looks like she's in her own world
and has got lost there.
Oh, that's Terri...that will be
Terri Coverley. The shit one?
Yeah, she's a shit one.
All right.
Well, she might be worth a chat-up.
See if she's due a
binning when the inevitable occurs!
Everything all right with
the path people? Pathfinders!
So, exclusion is massive, isn't it?
Well, I'm sorry but the guidelines -
the guidelines which your government
introduced, remember -
with quite a splash of
publicity, perfectly clear -
zero tolerance on bullying, zero.
It's just the press would
have a field day...
with this, you know...
government minister who
bangs on about...
protecting the vulnerable from the
brutalising effect of injustice,
ha-ha-ha, her daughter's a bully and
ha-ha-ha, she's a
completely shit mum and...
Sorry, I don't swear at home,
actually. You're not
a bad mother, I'm sure.
Just...
maybe not entirely present
all the time.
Yeah.
Are you all right, Mrs Murray?
Um yeah, yeah, I'm fine,
I'm just resting my face.
Now hang on, there's a complete
fucking penis in my building who
I need to have a word with.
All right, I'll speak to you later.
Oi, oi, James fucking May,
you sprayed the private information
about the school,
like Jenson Button
shaking up a magnum of piss!
Listen to yourself! At first
it was private information
between you and your boss,
then between you and your
girlfriend,
then it was private information
between your girlfriend
and her colleagues.
I could draw you a diagram if you
like. It's like a fucking swine
'flu pandemic!
I've made an error, I'll talk to
Emma but you should...
It's your fault! ..fucking use if
for political... No, no!
You're like the man who fucked
the monkey that gave us AIDS!
I'm like the man who did what? Who
fucked the monkey that gave us AIDS?
I tell you something and
you're saying, it wasn't me,
and there's monkey shit
on your balls, not mine!
I love it, I love it, it's the
pre-match spy for the big
super gay weight title fight, eh!
OK, Oliver, wipe away the pre-come.
Have you got some work to
get on with? Yeah, Malcolm... What?
The Nicola thing I think is
getting a bit worse.
It looks like her daughter is
about to be excluded for bullying.
Yeah, well Glen told me that.
What? When did...
Yeah, the thing is all we've
gotta do is to try and keep this
info very very closely contained,
we'll be all right, yeah?
OK. OK? OK! Way to go!
OK, Shitehead Revisited,
Did you know Nicola Murray's
daughter is about to be expelled
for fucking bullying!
What are you doing? No... what?
Don't worry. Did you not know that?
No, why would I?
Because you wouldn't know that,
because the only people who know
are Mrs Murray,
her daughter, Ollie and me, yeah.
If this gets into the press,
I would know that it came from you!
Clever!
And I would rain down
upon you so hard
that you would have to be
reassembled by fucking air-crash
investigators.
What... Do not fucking
interrupt me son, ever.
Now get this into the noggin, right?
You breathe a word of this to
anyone,
you mincing fucking CUNT and I will
tear your fucking skin off,
I will wear it to your mother's
birthday party and I will rub your
nuts up and down her leg
while whistling Bohemian
fucking Rhapsody, right?
Yeah. Now...
get out of my fucking sight!
I've been kind of a target
for the press and I just...
I don't want Ella suffering
on my account, really.
Look, it's possible, theoretically
possible, I could park the
exclusion temporarily, maybe.
That would...
That would just be so great!
But we would need to draw up a pupil
behavioural contract, you and your
husband together... Obviously.
And Ella.
Thank you so much, thank you,
Mr Stone, really I owe you one...
and I'll talk to you on a separate
occasion about the other thing.
Streetwalkers thing? Pathfinders
thing, yeah. That was a joke!
Very good!
All right, thanks for your help.
Where are you going?
I'm going through a thing with
Malcolm about Nicola's daughter.
She's being excluded from school.
Don't tell anyone.
Everyone knows that. It's all over!
A civil servant told me.
Oh, shit. I'm straight to DVD,
I'm the night shift!
Malcolm's gonna kill me!
His bark's worse than his bite!
Peter! Speaking
of rabies injections, here he is!
I didn't know you were
still alive! How's the old
80s tribute band going?
Still doing the Robert
Palmer lookalikey thing, huh?
Malcolm, you're looking well
for someone twice your age!
Any news on the aneurism?
Funny man, funny, funny man!
See you later.
Why don't you find out how their
data back-up works? I've got a
meeting with leaky Terri!
Oh! That sounded wrong!
Let's talk about the daughter's
social networking.
Is she on Facebook or Bebo,
does she Twitter, are any of her
victims on Facebook or Twitter?
On the left we've got guardian.
What's the weather like over the
guardian? How do we counter-massage?
To be honest, I'm just curious
as to what the press is going
to make of this.
Of course you are, which
is the entire purpose of the
matrix to begin with.
Look, what I want to do is
graphicise and three-dimensionalise
our response.
Stage one, story leaks.
Our response, we move
forward to stage two.
What's our re-response when the
press come back to us and then we
move forward to stage three.
What's our response to their
response to our response?
We've gotta think
multi-dimensionally.
It's fractal retaliation!
Mm-hm. Do you fancy a cup of tea?
Yeah. Have you got anything herbal?
OK, yeah.
I'm sorry, do you smoke?
Hmm. They low tar?
Mm-hm. That's my favourite!
We're a dying breed, eh?
Oh, yes, er...
We've met before, when you were
at Defra as a junior minister.
Oh, sorry, I don't remember!
Were you at the department?
No, no, no, I was at Sainsbury's.
Press, not on the tills and
I set up the photo shoot for you
with the sustainable sea bass...
and I remember you made some
kind of quip about something
to do with fishnets...
..cos there was a girl who was
wearing stockings.
Well, that certainly dates it.
You wouldn't be able to
make that kind of comment now!
More's the pity!
How's Nicola coping,
some trouble with her daughter,
bullying or something?
Is her daughter being bullied?
The poor little thing!
Just because she's
put on a bit of weight!
PHONE RINGS
Ah Stuart, what flavour of nut-brown
piss are you gonna pour into my ear?
How's the info pump firing?
What you mean Terri Coverley?
She's useless, she knows nothing,
but you'd get on!
Well, she may not know the story,
Peter, but just about
everybody else does
so according to the matrix
here, we're looking at an 83 to
90% chance of this story
making it, and if it does,
well someone's gonna use it
and if someone is,
then that someone
should be us, yeah?
No way. 'Peter, listen.'
No-one is more shocked than I am
at the chain of events here, OK?
How about you getting back here so
we can have a little de-brief?
Fuck that, Stuart!
We are not going to use this story.
I'd love to natter. Unfortunately
I think I've got another
call coming through.
Peter, hello!
Did you want another fag?
Can I see Nicola? Well, that's a
bit of a protocol-ly thing, so...
It's a personal matter. I'll just...
What the fuck is he doing here?
Have you locked the building
so he can't get out?
Could I have a word about
your school situation?
It's no big deal, really, it's just
that old perennial...should I send
my kids to public school?
I meant about the bullying.
Er, right. Can you...
come in, sit down, Peter.
How do you know about that?
Well, everyone here knows and some
of our lot know. Some of your lot
know?
Quite a lot of pressure on me
from above to use it but I just
wanted you to know that I won't.
Thank you. I'd like to think I'd do
the same for you. I think I would.
It's only DoSAC!
Sock of shit! Sorry,
it's what we call DoSAC over there
in the enemy camp...
social affairs citizenship
soc af sit,
sock of shit, no disrespect!
A bit of time on your
hands over in...
on the dark side!
I'll leave you to get on with it.
Thank you for doing
the honourable thing.
Shit!
Have you just Googled that?
What is that?
Ollie did that, nothing to do with
me! I don't want to fellate you!
Well, I know I'm planning
big changes around here but
nothing along those lines!
Get in my office now, and you, Glen.
Mannion knows about Ella and I
want to know how. Who did you tell?
I only told Glen, I
only mentioned to Glen...
I only told Malcolm!
You told Malcolm what?
Ella has been excluded for...
Nearly! Nearly excluded for
bullying other children.
What, she's the bully? Yes, yes.
Ooh, ooh, that's nasty!
Well, that's helpful.
Could you keep your fucking
opinions to yourself, please!
Well, you can't use it, can you?
So who told you?
Coverley, comms.
Sorry, Nicola, just got
to take this. Ollie Reader.
You're saying you do know about it?
She's looking a bit upset, yeah.
Right, but you're not gonna use it?
Thanks for telling us, yeah, sure.
Obviously you can't use it but...
You know about it, do you?
I'm going home. I'm gonna see my
daughter, I'm gonna give her a big
kiss and the bollocking of her life!
Nicola, just got a text from
Malcolm. He says he knows Mannion
was here.
Text reads, "I know about your
fucking meeting with that aging
flamenco guitarist.
"You are not... letters... to go
home, there's been an escalation".
Shit. He wants you at Number 10,
ASAFP. Come on, let's go!
"F" meaning...
Feasibly, I should imagine!
Stuart, you're still here!
To what do I owe this pain?
It's called politics, Peter. We're
trying to do it from your office.
I've told Nicola Murray
I'm not capitalising on that story.
I'm speechless! Do you want to get
booted out of the Shadow Cabinet?
You're wanting to spend more time
hiding from your wife in the
greenhouse? Yes, if it came to it!
If you have to wade through all this
shit to win the election then
I'm happy to lose it, all right?
Malcolm.
Hi Nicola, thanks very much for
coming over. Can I get you
something?
Actually, you haven't got any
whisky, have you? Whisky, yeah.
Hasn't been touched for a while.
Still got Anthony Eden's
lipstick on the bottle!
Hey, do you remember
when you started?
I said I didn't have
much of a folder on you.
You should see it now!
It's like a fucking butcher's
slab and just as graphic!
Right, so, can we...
I need to go home.
You said there'd been an escalation?
The good news is that even though
everybody's got this brilliant
story, no-one can use it. Good.
But? I'm sensing there is a
"but", probably be
the size of a fucking house.
The bad news is that
they will run with
"head teacher bends the rules and
gives preferential treatment
to Cabinet minister."
It's unacceptable.
The Board of Governors have no
choice. He'll have to resign.
No, no, no, no!
Yeah, I'm afraid it's
"fuck off, Mr Chips!".
No! It should be me who resigns.
If you resign now, you'll be up
there with the fucking shaggers
and the expenses fiddlers
and the guys who asphyxiate
themselves having a wank in the
Travelodge and your daughter,
your Ella, she would be publicly,
and very, very fucking horribly,
humiliated.
Now, that is not something that
helps anybody. It does... Hey, hey,
hey, come on look, that is not,
look...
It doesn't...
That's not a plan, is it, Stan? Come
on. That's not an agenda, Brenda!
Come on.
And I'm staying here to do what?
Exactly, because I
don't feel like I'm...
Sorry.
I don't feel like I'm
really making things better.
Listen, Nicky, this,
it's a war, right?
It's a fucking war.
Now you can't change
a thing unless you win the war
and you cannot win the war
unless you're prepared to fight.
That's what this is all about for
you, isn't it? It's just about
fighting and fucking...power!
Does it never occur to you
that your poisonous male
obsession with conflict,
which is making people
despise politics and, by the way,
don't ever fucking call me Nicky!
Spare me
a fucking psycho-fanny, right?
What do you think fucking
Mannion is doing right now?
Michael Aspel's cooler
fucking younger brother?
I'll tell you what he's doing.
He's sitting around with his pals.
D'you know what they're doing?
They're telling very fucking
nasty jokes about your family!
They're playing fucking pin the cock
on the fucking donkey's face
with your face there cos you're
the fucking donkey, right!
So you should just
fucking count your blessings!
Ella's not been excluded.
That's what you wanted, right?
Yeah! Yes! I really wanted Ella to
be able to stay at a shit school,
the only redeeming feature of which
was a headmaster who, thanks
to me, has now been forced out.
Yeah well er...
maybe...
Maybe in a term or so, you know...
we might understand if you...
very quietly decide to move her.
Really? Yeah!
Good, good, OK, so it's Mannion.
What do we do? I mean do we...
go after him with one of your
things that you say,
like a big bum dildo of
vengeance sort of something?
As you go, that's my girl, yeah!
Indiana Murray and the
Bum Dildo of Vengeance! I like you!
Hey, do you want
his mobile number?
That was Nicola Murray.
She says from now on,
nothing in my private life is off
limits. Has she got anything she
could use?
No, I don't think so.
He took a piss against Big Ben
on his stag night.
I won't use that and the love
child's been and gone. Yeah.
We could have had shots of
her scuttling into her house,
scurrying out again to make
some humiliating public statement
surrounded by members of her family
all grinning like Alsatians.
Do you remember that, Peter, when
the pregnant mistress story broke?
You and Mrs Mannion standing
on your doorstep, her never
gonna touch little Peter again?
The press talking about
"Cheater Mannion"!
Everyone reading about how you
like to make love to Geoff
Wayne's "War of the Worlds".